Next function is stressed.
This is for finding a substring from a mainstream.
We can find out the existence of this string.
If this is found, then it will give the occurrence of the substring followed by remaining string.
So here this is the main string containing word programming.
Then here is substring.
So I want to find out if there is any string or gram within this one.
Yes, this is gram.
So the result will be it will give out the complete string that is gram.
So from the starting point.
So it will find the remaining string.
Let us see the rim of this one.
Here already.
I have two strengths as one and as two, so I will directly display the result of a function that is
SDR.
And first mainspring is S1 and the second string is S2.
And also given that for a new line, let us run this.
Yeah.
It has given the result that is growing.
So Graham Graham is found and it is giving the rest of the string.
So so it is giving a portion of a string starting from Graham now instead of Graham.
I'll give some another word.
I'll just give.
M.
Just a single letter word I have given.
And it is a string.
Remember this?
This is in double code.
So a double code string.
Let us learn this.
So for us, first and onwards, it has given a substring.
Right?
So I'll give another letter that is not present here.
K so it should be an error because k is not found, so nothing is returned.
So it should be null.
Right.
So the result of this should be null.
Let us see what happens.
Yes, it's an error and it's causing an error because it's a runtime error.
Right.
So it is crashing here.
Who is crashing here?
Code cannot display null.
Right.
So here if you if you have to print this one, only if a substring is found, then you can write a condition
that is str str if SW one contains se two.
And which is not equal to null.
Then only print this one.
Right.
LS c see out.
Not found.
And.
Let us do this.
He stopped this one and ran again.
Not found.
So that K is not found.
I'll give a letter.
Kite.
Is it present in this string or not?
So no, it is not found.
So this is how you can find occurrence of a substring inside a main string and get the content of a
string from that occurrence till the end of a string.
Let us look at other functions for string.
There is a function called STR Cat that is finding the occurrence of a given character within a string.
So here you can mention a character and find out if it is appearing inside the main string.
So this is similar to structure.
We have already we have seen it.
So but that was for a string, but this is for car.
So the difference is that was for a string and here it's for cat.
And there is one more version of this one.
So that is str cat.
But ah so this will find the occurrence of a string from the right hand side or from the rear end of
a string.
Now if this is a string and I want to find occurrence of M letter M, so it will give the part of a
string starting from M till the end of a string.
And if I use string this one, then it will find the occurrence of M from the right hand side.
So it will take out this one.
Right from here, it will give the remaining strength.
Similarly, we have occurrence of ah twice.
Right.
G is also appearing twice, so let us try them on different characters and see how the results will
be.
So I'll give you a demo of this one.
Already.
I have a string that is programming.
Now I will directly use it and see out.
So I will say a structure and the string is SW one.
And the letter I want to find out is G.
And here also.
And.
Now grabbing.
Right.
So the first occurrence of G now I'll use another letter that is R.
So from our programming it should give this result.
Yes, it has given this recent.
Now, if I use any letter that is not there in this one, let us say small piece, small piece, not
the capital piece there.
So it should be an error because this will be null and see out cannot display null and it will be an
error.
Yes, it is an error when you're using these functions.
You should know that that character is present or not.
If not, then you should handle the condition that I have shown you earlier.
Now I will use another function str aka already.
I have told you about this function that it will check the occurrence of this letter from the right
hand side.
That is rare.
And.
You said on it again.
So JI is on the right hand side.
The first letter from the right side is G, so it is displaying only G.
I'll give the name letter that is R.
It is in single course.
Remember this?
It's a character.
So it's a single course.
No ramming EMI injury.
So this is the substring we go.
So from the right hand side does the occurrence.
Your next function is string compare comparing two strings.
This will compare to strings and dictionary order or alphabetical order.
If two words are there that if they are present additionally, what will be their order?
So the first one that appears in the dictionary is a smaller word, and the second one is a larger word
or a bigger word.
Suppose there are two words.
If I take two words, that is apple and banana.
So apple is smaller than banana because banana comes after apple in dictionary.
So similarly, whatever the words that you take here, so it will see the alphabetical order as per
the dictionary.
By comparing two strings, it returns the result.
Like if the first string comes first in the dictionary means that if it is smaller than it returns negative
value or it may be minus one.
Also, sometimes it depends on the compiler you are using.
If the first string is equal to second string, it returns zero.
If a first one is greater means it comes afterwards of two in the dictionary, then it will return positive
result.
So here I have some examples like this.
A string helo and helo both are same, so it will return zero for this one.
Now string one small edge.
I have taken lowercase each here and capital case s here.
So you know that lowercase alphabets are having greater ASCII code than smaller case.
Like a smaller case is 97, A's 97.
Then uppercase A is 65.
So if you take capital etch, then it will be 73.
And small edge it will be.
We're not five.
So one not five is greater than.
73.
So therefore, this strain is greater than this one.
So though alphabetical order, if you see they are same, but the cases are different.
So this becomes bigger than this one.
So this helo is greater than this one.
Then here I have another example.
So this is the letter M and this is starting with the letter E.
So obviously M's comes after E, so M is greater than E.
So minor is greater than 11.
So let us try this function and see how it sends the results.
So in this program already you have two strengths, that is Helo and Helo four, S1 and S2.
Now let me directly call the function and use it in C out.
So SDR C and B string compare s1 comma S2.
So it will compare two strings and let us run.
Yes, exit code is appearing in next line and the result is zero because both those things are seen.
Now take first letter first the string, that first letter as lowercase.
So this should become greater.
So it should give a positive result.
And the difference in ASCII codes of application lowercase is 32.
Remember this one?
So yeah, it is giving positive result, as I said that if the first string is greater than second string,
it gives positive result and it is giving positive 32.
So actually it is giving the difference between these two alphabets, ASCII codes of these two alphabets.
I'll change it.
I'll say this as same capital L and last letter.
I'll give it as capital.
Oh.
And this is lower or that smaller or so lowercase in uppercase.
So all the alphabets are same, but the last letter is different in cases.
So now it makes this a string grader second string greater because it is of lowercase o and of uppercase
o.
And the difference is again 32.
But now first the string.
The first string is smaller than second string, so the result must be -32.
Yes it is -32.
So negative shows that the string is a smaller.
It comes first.
Now I'll change these words.
I'll change it to minor.
And this has elder now, man.
So.
Hm.
Comes next.
So yes.
Then E so e comes first, then m so first the string is greater than second one.
So it is giving positive result.
And the difference between the ASCII code of M and E, that is the difference is eight.
So it has given positive result.
So this is about string compare function.
So you can use it for comparing two strings.